ICICI Lord's Advantage Health
Insurance Plan: Friends, this plan has only
one variant, Apx Plus.
In today's video, we'll explore the
eligibility criteria and terms and conditions for this plan. We'll explore the
different coverages and benefits of
this plan. We'll also discuss the
waiting period, which is the length of time
the plan will
cover which treatments. I'll also
explain the ADs, which are optional covers for this plan. By
choosing these,
you can modify your policy according to your needs. At the
end of the video, I'll include a price
estimator to give you an
idea of ​​the cost. If
you already have a health insurance policy
and are considering porting it to another company
or purchasing a fresh health insurance
policy,
you can use this video as a reference to
compare it with other plans.
If you're an agent,
you
can also help your clients by understanding the information in this video. So, those
watching this video will appreciate it.
This video is going to be beneficial for every person, so why the delay
friends, let's quickly
start the video.
Friends, the first point in eligibility is the minimum
entry age. If we talk about adults, then
any adult between 18 years to 65 years can
take this policy and if we talk about
dependent children, then
dependent children
can stay in this policy with their parents from the age of 91 days to 25 years.
Talking about the maximum exit age,
adults can get this policy life long renewed. There is
no maximum exit age
and the dependent child, as I
told you, will stay in this policy for 25 years,
after which they will exit. Talking about the age of the
proposer, that is, the
minimum age of the person proposing this policy should be 18 years
or more. Now comes the turn of the
policy tenure, that is, for how long a
policy you will be able to buy at one time, it is 1
year, 2 years and 3 years if you buy two years together.  If you
buy a policy,
you get a discount of 7.5% on the second year's premium.
If you buy a 3-year policy
together, you will get a discount of 10% on the combined premium of the second and third year.
If we talk about the policy type,
you can take both types of policies - individual and family floater -
under this plan. What will be the maximum family size? It will be
two adults and three children. A
maximum of two adults can come under this policy
and along with them, three dependent
children can also be added to this policy.
Now friends, let's talk about the sum
insured, that is, how much amount of
policy you can buy. It is quite
flexible. You can take a sum in sum ranging from ₹ lakh to ₹ crore
under this policy.
What are the options? They are 5 lakh,
75 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 30 lakh, 40 lakh, 50 lakh, 75 lakh,
1 crore, 1.5
crore, 2 crore and 3 crore.
You can take the sum insured option as per your requirement from the options. Now friends,
after eligibility, it is the turn of coverage, that is,
coverage. What do you get in this plan? The
first point in this
is the room rent limit. There is no limit or capping on which category of room
you will be able to take.
Age is actually covered.
You can take a room of any category.
You can claim any expenses against the room rent as long as
your sum insured is left.
In-patient hospitalization, that is, when the
patient is admitted for treatment,
which expenses will be covered? ICU
charges, operation theatre charges,
anesthesia, blood oxygen, doctor visiting
charges. There
is no capping or limit on such expenses as well. Covered up to the sum
insured. You can claim these.
Pre and post hospitalization expenses,
that is, expenses up to 60 days before admission
and up to 180 days
after discharge are covered.
What are the conditions that can be made? The treatment claim should be
approved by the insurance company
and you will have to file a reimbursement for this claim
and whatever expenses you will claim
60 days before and 180 days after,
they should be related to this treatment.
You will not be able to claim unrelated expenses. Let's
talk about AYUSH, friends, that is,
you can also cover Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy. These
alternative treatments will also be
covered under this plan. What is the condition?
You will have to take a reimbursement claim and
only inpatient hospitalization is covered, that is,
any treatment for which you have to be admitted.
Only those
expenses will be covered under AYUSH and how will the claim be received through
reimbursement.
If we talk about organ donor charges, then those will also be
covered in this plan. What is the condition? The
claim related to organ treatment should be
approved by the insurance company, only then
your organ transplant claim will be
approved. Donor screening
charges covered  This means that when a donor is
found, those charges will not be covered.
Once your donor
is finalized, the screening charges of that finalized
donor alone can definitely be
covered. The organ transplant is done and the
operation is successful,
even after that, if the donor faces any
complication, then
this plan will definitely cover such complications as well.
Talking about day care treatment, that is,
any minor surgery,
especially related to ENT, for which admission is
not necessary.
Due to technological advancement, such surgeries are done within two to four hours. So,
whatever is listed as day care treatment, that is,
whatever treatments, surgeries, procedures are in the list of day care treatment,
this plan will cover them.
Friends, you have understood till now what are the standard coverages of this
plan.
Now I am going to tell you what are
some more inbuilt extra features in
this plan. The
first one in this is Retrieval.  Benefit
means if your partial or complete sum
insured gets used, suppose
you had a policy of ₹ 10 lakh, the entire ₹ 10
lakh is used by any family
member in a claim or some amount of ₹
4-5 lakh is used for any claim, then
after the first claim, it will be
restored again once
in a year and up to 100% of sum insured,
that is, the maximum limit will be your sum insured, that is,
if the policy is of ₹ 10 lakh, then
maximum up to ₹ 1 lakh and it will be recharged once in a year,
this
restoration benefit will be triggered on the first claim, you will get that
amount of your restoration benefit to use in the next claim, there is
a condition here that whatever
optional benefit, which I am going to tell you further in this video,
if there is any feature of optional benefits, you will
not be able to use the restoration benefit for that,
animal bite vaccination, that is, if there is any  If the
insured person is bitten by a dog or a
monkey and after that
vaccination is required,
then coverage up to Rs 10,000 can be taken under this policy
and you will have to take this claim
in the re-imbursement form, that is,
you will not get a cashless claim for this,
later you
can claim this amount from the insurance company by submitting the documents, the
company gives you a guaranteed cumulated bonus under this plan,
now you know the cumulated bonus
brother, in the year in which the claim is not made, then
some percentage of your sum insured increases in that year,
how much is that in this plan, suppose
you have a policy of Rs 1 lakh and
you do not make a claim for one year, then
how much will your sum insured become on renewal, Rs 1 lakh, if you do
not make a claim the next year, then
how much will it become, Rs 1 lakh, in this way
how far will it go, it can go up to Rs 10 lakh to Rs 1 lakh,
but now
what is guaranteed here, guaranteed means that
if any claim comes in between
Your ₹1 lakh sum insured becomes ₹1 lakh
with a guaranteed cumulative bonus. If a
claim comes in the next year, this guaranteed
cumulative bonus will not be reduced until
you use it for a claim.
This amount will remain as it is.
No deduction will be made on the receipt of a claim.
If, suppose, after your sum insured is ₹14 lakh, that is,
after earning two lakhs and bonus, you get a claim, then
your guaranteed cumulative bonus will not be reduced that year.
If you do not get any claim the next year, it will directly increase
from 14 to 16,
that is, it will not reduce again. It will only keep
increasing in the year in which you do not
make a claim. What is the maximum limit? Up to 100%
of sum insured. That is why it is called
guaranteed cumulative bonus. If we talk about road ambulance,
friends, then you can claim a % of your sum insured
or a maximum of ₹1000000 under road ambulance
expenses, provided that
your treatment is done.  The company must have approved the reason
for which you have used this ambulance.
Talking about preventive health checkup,
only adults who are adult members under this policy
can avail the benefit of preventive health checkup.
What will be the maximum limit? % of sum insured or
maximum ₹1000000. If it is
₹10 lakh then its % is ₹5000000. If it is ₹
50 lakh then its % is ₹5000000. So
you can claim these expenses till here
and you will have to make cashless claim only, that is,
you will have to get the preventive health checkup done at the panel labs and hospitals.
Domiciliary treatment means getting
treatment at home due to compulsion. If
beds are not available in the hospitals in your city
or the patient is not in such a condition that
he can be taken to the hospital, then
treatment can be taken at home as well.
On the advice of the doctor, hospitalization of at least 72 hours i.e. 3 days
Treatment should be done and there are
some exclusions in this which are
visible to you on the screen right now, if there is any of these
treatments, you
cannot claim it under domicile hospitalization.
Bariatric surgery i.e. surgery related to obesity,
this can also be covered in this plan,
but first of all understand the limit,
50% of your sum insured i.e. 50% of
your insured amount,
you can claim against this surgery up to 50% of the sum insured or maximum up to ₹10 lakh, the
waiting period will be 3 years,
you cannot claim such surgery for the first 3 years of buying the policy
and the most
important thing is that
whatever terms and conditions are related to the BMI index of the insured
person, they must be fulfilled and
whatever terms and conditions are related to any medical protocol,
they must also be fulfilled, only
after that you will be able to claim this surgery.
Converse Essence Benefit What does this benefit
say, if any hospitalization goes on for a very
long time, due to which  The minimum limit is 10
days. If there is a hospitalization of more than 10 days, then in
addition to your treatment expenses, the
company will give you a lump sum of ₹2,000,000 as compensation. On the
basis of this compensation, if your
hospitalization is very long, then
you will get a lump sum of ₹2,000,000 as
compensation benefit. Now,
friends, till here you have
understood the standard inbuilt features of this plan. Now I will
tell you about the optional covers, that is, from the covers that
I will tell you now,
you can pick and choose.
You will have to pay separately for each add-on and only then
this facility will be added to your policy.
Its benefit is that you can
modify your policy according to your needs
and can avoid choosing unwanted features, due to
which your price will
not increase unnecessarily. So, friends, the first benefit that
comes in the optional covers in the add-ons is that of
an air ambulance, that is, Indian
Geographic  If you
want to avail air ambulance facility within the limits, then it will be
covered up to sum shown.
What are the conditions if you take this add-on?
You cannot avail this coverage for transporting the patient from one hospital to another.
You
cannot use it even for going home from the hospital. You will be able to use this coverage only from the place of emergency from
where the patient is taken, the place
of emergency is the place of accident, from
there to the hospital.
Now friends, comes a
very important add-on, that is maternity
benefits, that is, those who want to add or cover their child's
expenses in this policy,
they
can take this add-on. So let's understand its entire coverage and
terms and conditions once.
First of all, both normal and C-section
deliveries will be covered in this policy.
What will be the maximum limit? 10 percent of the
sum insured, that is, you can claim up to 10 percent of your insured amount
or a maximum of ₹10 lakh
for your maternity
benefits waiting  What will be the period? 9
months
You will not be able to claim this within the first 9 months of purchasing the policy
Maximum three deliveries in the entire lifetime can be
covered under this plan The
age of the mother should be between 18 to 45 years
If the age is more than this,
then maternity benefits
cannot be claimed This can be
taken as an add-on only with a 3-year long term policy
See, this is a very important condition, that is,
if you buy a 3-year policy at once, only then
you can add the maternity benefit add-on
to your policy
Suppose you do not add it once, then it will be
added only at the time of renewal You will
not be able to add this benefit in between So, if you want to take
maternity benefits, then
decide before buying this policy
If you have not claimed maternity within the first 3 years, then the
next time you
buy a 3-year policy with maternity, then the maternity premium will
not be charged from you If you
buy the policy for the first 3 years  If you have taken a 12-year maternity debit
but have not claimed, then the next
time you buy a 3-year policy and add a
maternity debit to it,
your premium will be waived
because you have not availed that benefit.
Newborn Baby Cover: If any complication occurs
between the birth of the child and the age of 90 days,
you can also take that as an add-on in this policy.
What will be the coverage limit here?
You can use double the limit of your maternity limit for the newborn baby cover.
This will remain as maternity sum
insured, which means it is
not a part of the maternity sum insured. Vaccination
for Newborn Baby Cover: First year, that is,
when the child turns 1 year old,
you can also cover his vaccinations till that time, up to
₹1000000 and % of sum insured whichever
is less. You can claim whichever is less of these two amounts.
OPD
facility can also be availed as an add-on to this plan,
whether it is medical OPD or
dental OPD. You can add both to this policy by
paying an extra premium.
You will only have to take a reimbursement claim, i.e.,
you will not be able to avail cashless OPD facility. The
limit will
depend on your sum insured.
Accordingly,
you can claim expenses up to the limit mentioned as OPD benefits.
Hospital Cash: This
is the daily allowance given to any patient after admission. This means that the
company passes on daily benefits to them in addition to the treatment expenses.
You can also add this to your policy as an add-on.
Here, this
benefit can be availed for a maximum of 45 days in a year. The
first 48 hours will
not be counted for the hospital cash benefit. This means that whenever a patient is
admitted, the first two days will
not be counted for this benefit. After that,
you will get this benefit on a per day basis.  The
personal accident cover add-on will also be passed on.
Friends, you can add a total of three benefits to this policy. The
first is accidental death, the second
is permanent total disability, and the third is
permanent partial disability. I will
explain these three. First, let's understand their
sub-limits. Its sub-
limit is your 100% of sum insured or
maximum ₹ lakh, that is, whatever your insured
amount is. The maximum amount
you can claim under this claim is ₹ lakh.
If the sum insured is more than that, then its maximum
limit will be ₹ lakh. Now, if an
accidental death occurs, what will be
called an accident? An insured person dies due to any external reason.
If someone slips and falls at home, dies, gets
bitten by a snake, has a road accident, a
railway accident, or
any other accident occurs in which the
cause is external, an external impact.  If
death occurs due to this then 100% of your sum insured
or maximum claim of Rs. 50
lakh is given to their family or their nominee.
What does Permanent Total Disability mean if two important parts of the body are lost, it is
not necessary that there is death after every accident, some
disability can also occur in it, so the biggest
disability is Permanent Total
Disability, if two important parts of the body are lost,
two hands, two legs, one
hand, one leg, both eyes are lost,
100% of the sum insured or
maximum Rs. lakh is given to the insured.
Next point comes in this friends,
Permanent Partial Disability means that a
small part of the body is cut
due to which permanent disability occurs,
but that is partial disability, the entire
body is not disabled, for example, if this much
part of this finger is cut then it is Permanent
Partial Disability, so the
insurance company will pay me the
claim in proportion to the percentage of disability declared by the doctor, if this one  If you take add-ons as well, then
you can add these three coverages
to your policy. The next add-on
is friends of critical illness, that is,
if any insured person gets a
serious illness, which is the
20 listed diseases that you can see on the screen right now, if
any of these serious illnesses is
diagnosed, then what does the company say,
they will give you a lump sum amount, whatever
is your insured amount or a maximum of ₹
lakh. If any of these illnesses is diagnosed, then
what is the waiting period for it,
you can choose a waiting period of 60 or 90 days.
What is the survival time at the time of taking the policy, that is,
how many days is the patient required to survive after being diagnosed, that is, it
is zero, but you
can also choose a time of 30 days, this also
reduces your premium a little. The
next add-on is friends of world wide
coverage, that is, you can get treatment globally as well.
This should be only a hospitalization plan,
that is, you should have decided this in advance.
In which hospital will you get treatment abroad, only then
you
can avail the benefit of worldwide coverage after taking approval from the company. Keep in mind that
this is an add-on and not a part of the standard policy.
You will have to make a co-payment of 10% on every claim for every treatment, that is,
if the bill comes for ₹10 lakh, then you will have to bear 1% of it i.e.
₹1 lakh. If
you travel abroad in the whole year, then
you can avail this coverage for 45 consecutive days or maximum 90 days in the entire policy. If there are
more days of travel than this, then
how many days of foreign travel, 45 consecutive days or
maximum 90 days in the entire policy, then
this add-on will not cover more than that. And
for this, to take this add-on, your sum
insured should be 25 lakh or more, only then
you will be able to choose this add-on. When it comes to
home cat treatment, friends,
you will have to take this also as an add-on in this policy.
What is the maximum limit, % of sum
insured or maximum
You can take the Sum Insured Protector add-
on for ₹2500000. After taking this add-on, your
sum insured will be linked to the
CPI (Consumer Price Index).
Whatever will be the inflation rate in the country,
your sum
insured will also keep increasing accordingly. Next
comes the Claim Protector
add-on. The Claim Protector add-on says
that you will have to take this add-on to include all the non-medical i.e. consumable
items in your policy
coverage,
otherwise the
consumable amount will be deducted from the claim amount. There is also the add-on for
teleconsultation.
You can take 24*7 unlimited teleconsultation. You can take
any medical advice from any online doctor's panel.
Now friends, the list of add-ons is
complete. You have
understood each add-on one by one. You can pick and choose the one that seems necessary
in your policy.  You can add by choosing
Now friends comes a very
important part of the video and that is waiting period i.e.
after how much time which treatment will this
plan cover The first name in this list is
standard exclusion of 30 days i.e. there is
exclusion of first 30 days In this,
apart from accidental treatment, you will not be able to claim any
coverage, be it of sickness or illness
Next
comes waiting period for specific diseases i.e. slow
growing illnesses i.e. diseases which take
some time to develop, these are
visible to you on the screen right now These
diseases, these treatments,
you will be able to cover them after 12 to 24 months
Now why am I saying 12 and 24
because although the standard waiting period is of
24 months but  You
can also choose the option of 12 months. If you reduce the waiting period, then
your premium i.e. the
price of the policy will increase a little. Next
friends, when it comes to the waiting period, the premium will
also be adjusted. If you take a waiting period of 24 months, then
your price will be the highest.
You will get a slight discount for 36 months and if you
take a waiting period of 45 months, then you will get the policy at the lowest
price according to the waiting period.
If we talk about critical
illness, which you
take as an add-on in this policy, then you
can choose a waiting period of 60 and 90 days. This will also
affect the premium of your policy. There
is also a co-payment, friends.
You can also take voluntary co-payment under this plan.
What does co-payment of 10 and 20 percent mean? Any
claim amount is approved, whatever
percentage your co-payment will be, you will have to pay that percentage.
If the claim was for ₹1 lakh and the
payment is for 20 percent, then you will have to pay ₹1 lakh from your pocket.  The
insurance
company will pay ₹ lakh under this plan, but this is a
voluntary payment. If you wish, you
can choose. The company has provided options of 10 and 20 per cent.
Accordingly, you
get a discount on the premium.
I will also tell you about the waiting period for mental disorders, i.e., mental illness.
Some mental disorders are covered under this,
which are visible to you on the screen right now. The
waiting period for these will be as per your chosen
PD waiting period, that is,
whatever waiting period you choose for pre-existing diseases, from
24 to 36 to 48
months, that same waiting period will be
applicable for these as well.
I have already told you about the waiting period for maternity, it is 9 months, which means
you will not be able to file a maternity claim within the first 9 months of purchasing the policy.
However, maternity is an add-on, i.e., an
optional cover. You will have to add it by paying extra money.
You can get maternity cover along with the 3-year policy. Along with this,
friends, you will get wellness and
value.  Added services are also available within this plan.
Wellness services. You already know
that wellness means the more active your
lifestyle is and the more you keep your step count, the more
you can earn rewards accordingly. You
can get a discount at the time of renewal. There are
also value-added services
like teleconsultation. You
can avail the facility of doctor on call, make an ambulance
appointment. Along with that,
you can also book medicine or diagnostic online.
Now, under value-added services, friends, it is
very important to mention exclusions once. Exclusions are those
diseases and treatments which
your health insurance plan will never cover. There are
around 25 to 30 point headings of exclusions.
If I explain them to you in this video, the
video will become very long. So
what I have done is, I have
given you a link to the PDF of the policy terms in the description.
If you have watched the video till here, then
you should definitely click on that too. After
clicking on that, there are pages numbered 22 to 24 in the PDF
where all the benefits are explained.  The exclusions are
written one by one, you should definitely
read them out once so that you can understand
what will not be covered under this policy.
Understanding this is very important, and reading it once is
very important. According to me, now friends, let's
talk about the free looking period.
After you have purchased this policy, if for
any reason you feel that
you do not want this policy, no matter what the reason is, then
you can cancel this policy within the first 15 days of purchasing the policy.
This
time is called the free looking period
and no money for this policy cancellation will be
deducted from your refund amount.
Talking about the grace period, friends, this is the
30-day time when your policy
expires. After that, the
next 30 days from the day your policy expires is
your grace period. During this time, you
can get your policy renewed so that
you do not miss out on your continuity benefits. What are the continuity
benefits, brother, the waiting period that
you have overdone or your time limit?  The
insured's accumulated bonuses will
not expire for the next 30 days after the policy expires if you
renew your policy on time
within these 30 days. However, if a
claim arises within the grace period, the
company will not entertain it because your
policy premium has not yet reached the company.
Now, friends, let's talk about pricing
so that you understand that you are getting these coverages,
but at what price will
you get them? Let's understand the zones in pricing once
because this plan has
zone-based pricing, which has a huge impact
on the price of your policy, that is, its value, and also on your claim amount. The
zones that you are seeing on the screen right now are
listed under Zone One, such as Delhi NCR,
Mumbai including Thane and Navi Mumbai.
Within Delhi NCR, there are many
cities of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh as well. So, after looking at this list
carefully, decide
which is your zone. Zone Two includes
Hyderabad, Secunderabad, Madhya Pradesh,
Chhattisgarh, and whatever other states and cities
you see, you can choose.  So you
can take a screenshot of this as well.
Rest of India comes under Zone 3, that is, those cities
and states which are neither in Zone 1
nor in Zone 2, will come under Zone 3.
Now why am I saying that it will
also affect the claim amount, let us
understand it once, how it will be in Zone 1.
If you take a policy in Zone 1, if your
residential address is in Zone 1, then there is
no co-payment, that is, the
insurance company will pay the entire claim and there is
no discount, you will get the policy at the full price,
but if you
take a policy on Zone 2 address, that is, if your address is in these
cities or in these states
and you take the policy, then
you get a discount of 12.5% ​​on the
premium, but if you
go from Zone 2 to Zone 1 for treatment, then
you will have to pay 125%, but if you are getting the
treatment done in Zone 2 and Zone 3, then there is
no co-payment, you will get the full claim,
but if you go to the upper zone, then there will be a
payment of 12.5%. Similarly, let's
talk about Zone 3 policy here.
You will get a discount of 15% at the time of purchase,
but if you
go to Zone 2 for treatment, then a copayment of 125% will be charged.
If you go to Zone 1, then a
copayment of 15% will be charged from you, that is, this
percentage amount will be deducted from whatever your claim comes. So,
while buying the policy, do
decide your zone well. Now
friends, after understanding the zones well,
you have come to know about the three zones, which
cities will come in which zone, which states will
come in which zone.
We will also understand the premium here with a sample family size.
I will tell you the premium as per Zone 1,
because if you are in Zone 2 and Zone
3, then you
can estimate your discount accordingly, that the
premium will be a little less. The
family size I have taken here is of two adults
and two children. Adult 1 means the husband
's age is 35 years. Adult 2 means the wife's age
is 32 years. If we talk about children, there is an
8-year-old child and a 5-year-old child in
this family. If you take coverage  If the coverage is for
₹ lakh then you will have to pay an
annual premium of ₹ 22433. If you take coverage of ₹ lakh
then you will have to pay ₹ 60 and if you take coverage for ₹ 20 lakh then
you will have to pay ₹ 9583 annually. Now here there is no
add on in this,
I am telling you the premium of a standard policy, so
according to this you can get an idea of ​​what
coverage you are getting
in this policy,
how much is the premium accordingly, the pricing will be charged according to your city, which state,
which zone will it fall in,
and along with this,
you must check once the cashless hospitals in your city, whether all the
necessary cashless
category hospitals are there
in your city or not,
so friends, you
understood the Advantage Plan of ICICI Lombard,
I have tried my best to explain to you all the terms
and conditions and coverages, waiting period, add ons
in very simple language.
If you liked this video and
understood the information, then you
can like the video to show your love and support
for the channel.
You can also subscribe to it. By liking this video
and subscribing to the channel, we
get a lot of motivation. So friends,
now please give me, i.e. Harvinder Singh, permission and
I will meet you in the next video. Till then, take
care of yourself, stay happy and
stay healthy. Jai Hind.